fit, the macho overflowed
a love I the Sabine which is day 18
my weigh of fitzgeralds today
I need your help and I have
I've been vaguely worried since yesterday
the body fat also measures mine
Libra was so far the classic
just showed weight but after
I suppose it's the biggest supporter anyway
the martian of the bandars i can
Of course, not just on a kilo
Of course, they also leave the display
especially with women with the cycle totally
fluctuates back and forth and that is why
for me actually the body so that
Klapperfeld the most important indicator like
because you change next to natural
the teeth on the tape measure is true that
this vague here and here so here
then you just put weight and age
one I call weight age and size
And then you have to walk with the feet
you have to bare feet on this
two metal strips is the send
then the vibrations no basta sends
into the body they come back
and that's why the body fat and then
the water content measured I already have
can re-measure my body fat is
the evaluation no longer exactly what
I just roughly remembered that it was
in the average to good range
located for women at that time in these
gym I have the weight
measured by his scales you in the
holds hands and now is just one
that's what feet do that
means there can of course
fluctuations and I believe
anyway, do not dare this now anyway
exactly
but especially if it is a whole
percentage points then you have to go
maybe already admit that one
did not live as healthy as you did
that maybe just now can believe
Of course, that's hard to decide
because I'm fat in front of my body
challenge not measured
I have now started again is
sport but in this 1
yes, not so much was happening to me now
It has always been sport but it
I do not follow any regular ones
also registered in my calendar
so that it really would be me
It would be important for me to stick to it
mean the end of the challenge
Body fat again after properly
to drive down that also means that
I enter a little bit again now
eye to throw it that maybe I
not really that much going on though I am
love it and a little bit more
to do specific body exercises so
strength training again more in mine
to incorporate everyday life
Now comes your endgame
I have something in front of me and that
i want another quad challenge
doing something in the morning before ten squats
And so I want to squat so many
make like this video tomorrow at 12 o'clock
At noon did that mean you should
this video necessarily with yours
friends share so much with it so much
so that I should be able to do that
over 500 users, I will also afterwards
abdominal exercises make a joke
Can I somehow stop that?
I'll definitely know that
drop if there are too many views
become
Share this video necessarily with yours
friends so I squads all the more
crunches and push ups
so that my body fat percentage down
I'm leaving you at the end of the challenge
to present a super great result
By the way, you can see her here
gustav is still good is already one
I have to stand some small collateral
but that's what they are
leaves that are all down here where
drankommt simple little light that are
just a bit stunted so mine
Love clicks split facebook youtube
instagram water always your favorite
social media channel is i would be me
Rejoice and be my thighs
not so happy but looking forward to it
I then if on the scales just
the body fat percentage goes down that
I owe to you so part
this video the video like me then
of course I will feel my task
upload here
So subscribed to my channel with it
No more video I wish
Have a nice day
babel fed
we do not want any more